all about the naked palette well I'm
just going to show you the palette so
this is what it looks like I hope you
guys can actually see the colors so this
is what it looks like oh the first color
is called strange and it just looks like
this the one is called dust like this
the third one is called burnout and it
looks like this the next one is called a
limit the next one is called buzz I
can't really see it it's a really light
color when I was trying to put it on my
eyes it was really sheer even with
primer and the next one is called trick
and this was like this is oh and you
could see my reflection in the mirror
this is a pure gold the next one is
called a nooner and it's a matte topee
color the next one is called a liar it's
this one right here the next one is
called factory
the next one is called a mugshot the
last two is dark side right here looks
like this and the next one is called
black heart now that looks like there
are some gold specks in there so but
when you actually put it on they kind of
disappear after blending it in so if you
want to use this make sure you're not
blending it too much or the gold little
shimmers are gonna disappear that's what
it looks like so again these are the
colors I just wanted to do a quick
little swatch video for you guys I
really like these colors I also like of
course The Naked palette one make it
palette 1 but I really like this one
especially since the cars are really
really natural yeah so I don't know what
else to talk about but yeah just a quick
little video you'll see this in future
tutorials and I'll see you guys in